Hello and Welcome!
Purpose: This highlights how the behavior and collaboration from team members involved in the developing the website for the company named “Greentech”, are expected within this group project where members have to ensure project’s success and work with positive team spirit.

Core Principles:
a. Respect: Every member of the team should be treated with kindness and
b. dignity. Appreciations should be done within the team.
c. Professionalism: Take ownership of your responsibilities, communicate
d. effectively with the team and adhere well to the deadlines.
e. Sustainability: Make sure everything done for the project promotes ecofriendly and sustainable practices which aligns with the mission of Greentech.
f. Integrity: Always be honest and transparent in all project related activities.
g.Collaboration: Work together as a team helping each member accomplish goals, sharing ideas within the team.

Expected behavior:
➢ Use welcoming and inclusive language
➢ Make sure to use kind and respectful words in meetings, chats or emails.
➢ Complete tasks assigned by the project manager on time.
➢ Offer feedback to the members of the team and appreciate others’ work.
➢ Do not share any sensitive information with any external parties. Unacceptable behavior:
➢ Bullying or any kind of harassments are unacceptable and will not be tolerated.
➢ Off-topic discussions on any kind of offensive or sensitive issues.
➢ Making a team member feel like an outsider or implying a lack of technical abilities.
➢ Failing to meet deadlines without any prior notice which disrupts team progress.
➢ Publishing others’ private information without explicit permission. Reporting and Conflict Resolution:

Whenever a team member experiences any violence or unaccepted behavior which violates this Code of Conduct,
a. Report it! - Report immediately to the Startup Manager
b. Resolution Process - Startup manager will address the issue promptly maintaining confidentiality. Process will include,
➢ Private discussion with the involved parties.
➢ Mediation for conflict resolution
➢ Proper and appropriate consequences for repeated or serious violations.
Consequences of Violations:
Minor Violations – A verbal or a written warning and a private discussion to prevent future issues.
Repeated or serious violations – Other appropriate measures to ensure project’s success with a safe and productive environment.

Acknowledgement:
Thank you for reading and understanding all the rules mentioned within the Code of Conduct. Together we as a team can make this space welcoming and inclusive for each an every team member, regardless of disabilities, idnetities, expressions, personal appearances and attitude. So let’s work together to deliver an outstanding website which will highly reflect the mission and values of Greentech.
